Update Copilot settings to be Gen AI assistance (#648)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/visual-tour/index.adoc

=== Organization settings

> On the organization level, you can also find a Settings menu where you can manage your organization's settings, provided that you are an organization admin. You can change the name of the organization and toggle an organization-wide setting for Generative AI assistance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the organization level, you can also find a Settings menu where you can manage your organization's settings, provided that you are an organization admin. 
You can change the name of the organization and toggle an organization-wide setting for Generative AI assistance.
```

> When enabled, Generative AI assistance is available in a number of places, including the xref:query/visual-tour.adoc#copilot[Query copilot] and xref:explore/explore-visual-tour/search-bar.adoc#copilot[Explore copilot]. These features are always identified with a ✨ and your use is subject to our link:https://neo4j.com/docs/reference/license/#_genai_outputs[GenAI outputs] disclaimer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When enabled, Generative AI assistance is available in a number of places, including the xref:query/visual-tour.adoc#copilot[Query copilot] and xref:explore/explore-visual-tour/search-bar.adoc#copilot[Explore copilot]. 
These features are always identified with a ✨ and your use is subject to our link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/reference/license/#_genai_outputs[GenAI outputs] disclaimer
```
